centaurea cyanus which is the common
core now easily grown and the home
garden I'm using because I've got a nice
single the still and the water will come
up to the boil quite rapidly so I have
my sterile beaker we need to catch the
hide result and I'm going to turn the
tap on call cold water and the condenser
I have the bottom outlet blocked any
overflow will come out of the top out
meat keeping the coil called in all
times
capping a small stool and I'm only
aiming to use about having
those of hydrosoul once I've got my
first 50 mils
I use my little pH reader to test the pH
this is very important because good
quality hydrosols need to have a pH
between about four and five point five
once it starts getting higher than five
point five that may be more water than
Hydra song and also it won't have it's
good keeping qualities so I'm checking
my pH now and it's seeping at around
four point nine five so I'm quite happy
with it especially given that the
weather was quite wet when I picked the
flowers I'm going to take I've nearly
got 150 months of Hydra so now in my
bacon I'm taking the pH level again to
see if it's moving I can see it starting
to rise a little bit so I'm happy with
my hundred and 50 mils so I show now
turns still off and there is my having
50 mils of subtly aromatic cornflour
hydrosol what I'm keen to do with this
today is I do blend it with corn flowers
I'm sorry with Roman chamomile and
calendula which makes a lovely eyewash
for sore tired eyes it's also excellent
for thread veins rosacea on the skin or
any inflamed skin conditions I'm also
going to use it to clean this mine
healing stone that I'm working
moment which is blue lepers leisure line
to do that I'm going to pour the
hydrosoul over the necklace which is
sitting in a crystal bowl and leave that
for a week to be cleansed